football for savers I discovered this evening yesterday when the police caught
maga than the other fans this myth got by the tear gas
my girlfriend in a test of fellowship support commented
we had an hour before the game we went straight to the queue there was no queue
only the world of fans marking each other when they are already
we were close to the uol gate - in order to
the police left for all of them
first with the shields and batons but for the astonishment of the other other
two policemen drew their swords and distribute a coup plotter to
mind
It may seem only real bia
I understand that the gas truncheons and are necessary to disperse a
crowd among so many I can not understand the sword
it's a meaningless image
how do you use a sword to disperse a crowd
meeting being republiqueta jab one or two
it would be recommended why police officers were armed with swords in
a social event
to maintain coherence el-erian have changed or closed a gas place
tear
how do I take gate 3 decreased some police warned that
we should go to the gates 2 to 6
the whole pilgrimage began the afternoon
45 minutes left for the fire
and all the gates were closed
we went to the gate 6 it houses to distribute blow
in gate 2 the same thing maybe with less shyness
listening to the radio the reports began to appear
the reporter informed that the gate of seberi to
it was all blissfully an ambush there the brigade was truculent the fans
were received violently turned away
the crowd stayed away
far away
some believe or 4
Thanks
instead of holding some
the Brigadians fired at least six gas bombs
it was a panic
it was unnecessary
even unbeliever felt a strong effect my girlfriend went bad
by daytime and the
we left the stadium and even on the sidewalk across the street a smell of cattle
that the indication was unbearable
so we passed until the start of the match
we went from one gate to the other witnessing the rush and despair of
who came from far and expectations ie was left out
some cried
a lone supporter uttering extremely confused things was appearing
being to compose your lover
be a sports newspaper that hundreds of fans were surrounding
at the Olympics with tickets in the hands
with texts vehemently those moments were thousands
I'm sure at the start of the match at least five or six thousand fans give
ball will behave either
until the accounts and the events are not the relationship of writing
between fans
military brigade radek
that this is the fundamental point of what happened
sick
the time before the match the kalou
the manager moreira 'gave an interview already with the game in progress
the things it claims to reveal one absolutely
that he does not know the facts
he was unaware of war outside the stadium
It all happened because the ruling deputies of the
chaos self-organizing
not to have full air
for obvious
there was no plan b
curiously, the group performs the event but does not participate in its
The brigade is in charge of the administration.
the mitic restart that the military corporation assumed in my opinion
slightly leading position
the boy the event is from the club
he sells the tickets
but there was no one from the garrison near the gates to inform the
that the consumer was entering the market.
Stadium
none the information was given
already in the middle of the first half we were about 70 people
next to one of the gates talking to the Brigadians
the horses information that they did not have the only thing that knew what
had to go because I would not enter because the area was overcrowded
the employee of the mid-grêmio had solved many of the problems
the bip with the mind to sell the party ticket
There is no doubt about this.
put my hand on the fire
my weight the swords the brigade
the stadium was
according to reports absolutely packed
out of the stadium at least 7 5 thousand fans with tickets in the hands
someone
should be punished for the tragedy that could have happened punished by
irresponsibility and recklessness
the fans and the military brigade
were victim and something site traded these positions during the clear battle to
relationship is not fair
the unarmed fight
some of its members are unprepared
fans are also guilty of what happened
but only as supporters
individuals a crowd can not be held responsible it worked out
contained in that particular care in the mouth a must be prevented from being born
this is possible condemnation to the building
This is what our leaders are missing at all levels of the club at the
state
we are incompetent to organize an event
2014 cup
there were cars circling inside the stadium as can a crowd already
been squeezed out even more so that the car by parking in its
vacancy
maresca next to the gate preventing access
is something incomprehensible that the father disputed a small space with cars
stopped listening
planning since cutting
the excuses of my precedent for what happened and shocked me even more
to doubt kroeff what we go through is natural as the
conformed happens
and he only learned of what happened at the beginning of the game
is absurd and is an event to catch if it is natural certainly not
It should be and your girlfriend got hurt.
I suffer nothing but the effects of cattle and a few blows that I took in the
tumult time
to give up to get in the break i came home tired to hurt the pdt on the finger
something unusual return for now
I'm not a masochist
I lost everything I lost the game I played on tv
south america 2009 changing on cruise
The Guild is a picture of its president the weak and the particle
aboard the danny is a resounding silence of someone who has
unequivocally in the position of leader
I want to get the value of my ticket
and to demonstrate my rights if need be to justice advised the
other fans similar action
the Olympic event with a portrait of our country
cost of your left the high value of the service ticket of each question